ZeroBot
=========

My personal, batshit-insane IRC bot
-------------------------------------

This IRC bot serves no major purpose other than to amuse myself and friends in
the IRC channels that I frequent, thus it doesn't do anything overly special; it
is simply a pet project :)

ZeroBot is designed to be completely modular; he consists only of a core and
derives his functionality from modules or plugins, if you prefer. Thus, ZeroBot
can be made to fit **any** role.

Backstory that you probably don't care about
----------------------------------------------

I started writing ZeroBot in Python roughly around December 2011. After some
time, I grew to dislike Python for various reasons and pretty much abandoned my
poor bot, forgetting it even existed for a while. Some time later, yearning for
the deranged antics of my old bot, and keeping a collection of humorous quotes,
I decided to re-write my old bot in a language that wasn't Python.

First I chose C++ as I quite enjoy the language, but not being very proficient
with it, it took more time than I would have liked for a side-project. However,
wanting to learn Perl I decided to jump back in yet again and write up my
beloved old bot in Perl.

Even in this re-write there have been a few periods of where I stopped working
on him for a while, only to come back and re-write his core from scratch. At the
time of this update we're on re-design number 3! This current design is looking
great however, and after catching up to his former capabilities, it's all new
territory from there.

The reason for writing this bot, since the very beginning, was to dive into
learning how to program, and learning what makes the IRC protocol tick. Indeed,
the aforementioned Python iteration was my first real attempt at programming, so
this deranged heap of code means a fair deal to me :)

Huh? You're still here? Okay, uh...
-------------------------------------

If you happen to stumble upon this Bot, be it through advanced boredom or search
engine black magic, do what you will with it. This is, of course, a *personal*
project; no support, limited docs, poor design, nothing making any ounce of
sense at all, etc. You know the deal.

